#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   visions
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   nbconvert
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
dacite==1.8.1
    # via ydata-profiling
dask[array,dataframe]==2024.2.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
deap==1.4.1
    # via tpot
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed==2024.2.1
    # via featuretools
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.114.0
    # via rest-model-service
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
featuretools==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via dask
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via ydata-profiling
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   typeguard
importlib-resources==6.4.4
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.5
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   ydata-profiling
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tpot
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.6.17
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   wordcloud
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-base==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rest-model-service
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via distributed
multimethod==1.12
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via visions
notebook==7.2.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.60.0
    # via ydata-profiling
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   deap
    #   featuretools
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tpot
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   featuretools
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tpot
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
pandas-profiling==3.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
patsy==0.5.6
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.4
    # via ydata-profiling
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
    #   wordcloud
platformdirs==4.3.1
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.13
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   ml-base
    #   ydata-profiling
pydantic-core==2.23.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via kaggle
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.6.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   jupyter-events
    #   rest-model-service
    #   ydata-profiling
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kaggle
    #   update-checker
    #   ydata-profiling
rest-model-service==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tpot
    #   yellowbrick
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   featuretools
    #   imagehash
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tpot
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via ydata-profiling
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   kaggle
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.38.4
    # via fastapi
statsmodels==0.14.2
    # via ydata-profiling
stopit==1.1.2
    # via tpot
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tpot==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   featuretools
    #   kaggle
    #   tpot
    #   ydata-profiling
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typeguard==4.3.0
    # via ydata-profiling
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240906
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   fastapi
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
    #   typeguard
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pydantic
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via tpot
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.6
    # via rest-model-service
visions[type-image-path]==0.7.5
    # via ydata-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.13
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.9.3
    # via ydata-profiling
xgboost==2.1.1
    # via tpot
ydata-profiling==4.10.0
    # via pandas-profiling
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.20.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
